[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory.
We've had many guests
on this program,
but there is one that is
very dear to my heart,
because he's not only
a friend, but he's
been able to help us through
prophetic things that
have happened in our lives.
John Hogue.
He's a world renowned
expert on prophecy,
the occult, mysticism,
has 40 books
that have sold over a million
copies or e-books as well.
He's working on another one.
John, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>JOHN HOGUE: Thanks for
having me on, George.
>>NOORY: It's always
great talking with you.
>>HOGUE: It's great to
see you in the flesh.
>>NOORY: You know, this
expert on Nostradamus,
I mean just get a tight
shot of John for a second,
and then put up a
picture of Nostradamus.
You guys are almost identical.
>>HOGUE: Yes, I can
almost do the look.
>>NOORY: I mean, look at this.
>>HOGUE: Oh yes, the
look is like this.
>>NOORY: You're a little
better looking than he was.
>>HOGUE: Thank you.
Give me a few more years.
>>NOORY: But tell us a
little bit about this guy.
Why was he so prophetic?
>>HOGUE: You know, there were a
lot of people in the past that
have written in
mysterious language,
especially during
the 16th century,
when Nostradamus lived.
But he's the only one that
is a living controversy, who
every generation has taken up--
debunkers and believers.
And one has to wonder why.
It's got to be more
than just a something,
a charlatan hiding
behind cryptic language.
And indeed, there is in
the study of Nostradamus--
See, there's two kinds of
people with Nostradamus.
There are the blind
believers, who
just find whatever they're
looking for and say,
Nostradamus can never be wrong.
And then there's
the blind debunkers
who make a profession out
of debunking people like me
and Nostradamus.
And they can say Nostradamus
never gets anything right.
But what they're saying,
really, is something
about their own projections.
And I learned early on
with studying Nostradamus
that one has to put one's own
biases and expectations aside.
And then what you
see is a pattern.
You also see a man who,
under all that obscurity,
sometimes comes right out
in the light, names names,
says the French people
after deposing--
>>NOORY: He lays it right out.
>>HOGUE: 1792, he
says, the French people
will depose their King and
they will create a calendar
to mark the New Age.
That's exactly what
happened in 1792,
and he wrote that in 1555.
So that's just one example
of many I could cite.
The other thing,
too, is Nostradamus
is almost carried by, in
a lot of the controversy,
by just the myth and
ignorance that people
have in the prophecies.
A lot of the books
that are out there
aren't even based on
the original French.
Anybody who really is
serious about Nostradamus
needs to actually study the
16th century French and have
the original manuscripts
to translate from.
>>NOORY: You are an
expert, John, on prophecy.
I want to get into some
of the prophetic things
that you've talked about.
I'm going to ask you
questions about our future.
But how did that happen for you?
Did you train yourself?
We've all got this gift,
but what happened to you?
>>HOGUE: I think it's born
out of an innate innocence
that ever since I was
a little boy and as
a thread throughout
my life, I never
had my connection
with the whole,
with the ecstatic oneness.
Completely suppressed by school,
by the education system that we
all pass through, where we
are-- to survive as children,
we have to adopt our
parents', our society--
there are identifications
with certain cultural things,
borrowed religions,
all of that, rather
than seek the truth ourselves.
But in some way, my
spiritual rebelliousness
was never completely suppressed.
And so it guided me eventually
out of an opera career,
out of other things I did to
this, almost like a pulling,
like a siren's call,
back to my 12th house
double Scorpio nature, to
go into secret alone spaces.
And I was always fascinated
by history and its patterns,
how history seemed
to repeat itself.
>>NOORY: I've had you on the
program, on Coast to Coast
a number of times.
I can't count how many times.
>>HOGUE: I've lost count.
Has it been 15 years?
>>NOORY: At least.
>>HOGUE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You have talked
about presidential elections.
You have called now
the last 13 elections,
that's 52 years of elections.
And on the last one, you
thought you were wrong.
And I pointed out to
you, wait a minute,
the numbers are still
coming in for Hillary.
She's going to win
the popular vote
>>HOGUE: Which is what I do
>>NOORY: She won
by $2.5 million--
2.5 million people.
Maybe she has $2.5
million, who knows?
But you finally
realized yourself,
you've been dealing with the
popular vote, haven't you?
>>HOGUE: It's always
an evolution how--
and that's part of the
objective side of studying
what happens-- up
until 2000, I thought
I was calling the winner.
>>NOORY: Period.
>>HOGUE: Period.
But even back in
2000, I was saying,
I see Al Gore winning,
absolutely, by half a million
votes and also I calculate how
I calculated Hillary Clinton's
percentile, too, accurately.
But I said I feel like
I'm going to be right
and I'm going to
be equally wrong.
And I don't--
that's the message.
>>NOORY: And you
didn't know why.
>>HOGUE: Explain to me, I said
to hosts and other people.
What does that mean?
Because I don't know
what that means.
Sometimes when you're
in the act of being
the vehicle of
prophecy, doesn't mean
you know what's hiding,
what the mysteries are.
From my own experience, I
would say that a lot of seers
are just saying,
this is what I saw.
The four horses and
the things happening.
Well what does it mean?
That's for the future to unlock.
I don't know.
It's not about us.
When, of course,
Gore won, and then it
was taken away from him by
the Supreme Court, I realized,
oh, I've been doing
the popular vote.
So I started from that
point on doing two caveats.
I did it for Hillary
Clinton twice in 2008.
A year before she went, I wrote
an article "Hillary Clinton's
Albatross" at hopeprophecy.com
where I basically said,
this is how she
could sabotage her--
because she has this destiny,
where sure bet destiny,
she blows it.
>>NOORY: And she did.
>>HOGUE: And she did.
>>NOORY: Blow it.
>>HOGUE: And then I
was saying again, I
had to remind readers
who were all upset
with me calling number 13.
I said, look, look
at these quotes.
I said this is how.
I said that if she
did not in June,
before the Democratic
Convention,
I said this is her opportunity
to actually bring those Bernie
Sanders people in by
making him the vice
presidential candidate, and
then show that she could bring
balance to the business
side of the Democratic Party
and the popular side.
And she did that, that would
show me, as a prophecy scholar,
that she truly can lead.
>>NOORY: That would
have helped her, too.
>>HOGUE: Well, she would
have won by a landslide.
That's why I said
there'd be no--
she would have won.
Bernie Sanders' people would
have added another 10 million
to that and probably in
Michigan and other places.
>>NOORY: Good point.
>>HOGUE: But I kept seeing
how she would blow it,
and then a year before the
presidential elections,
I wrote "Trump for President,
Astrological Predictions,"
when it was a field of 17 people
and five in the Democrats.
And I said these are the
two it will be at the end.
And if Trump is at the end, he
has absolutely the best chance
of sabotaging her a second
time because she won't
know how to fight him properly.
She'll go negative on him, and
anybody that does that gets
gobbled alive.
And it's still happening
with the US press.
It seems-- which is another
subject-- but basically
I said that he had the
best stars of anybody
I saw on the 8th of
November 2016 election.
And I said if he's there, he has
a very good chance of winning,
and he did.
So I was both wrong and
right in an odd way.
>>NOORY: And I pointed
out that you were right.
>>HOGUE: I know, and I was
ready to throw in the towel.
And I was surprised how
happy I was about it
because it had just happened.
We were on about 20 minutes
later, and I wasn't watching.
And then you reminded me that
the popular vote was still
coming on big time
in California.
But I was surprised
to see how it
was a load off my chest to
not keep this winning streak.
>>NOORY: And then the next
morning, you were like,
oh, boy.
>>HOGUE: Then I had to get
on and say, OK, the whirlwind
is going to hit me.
>>NOORY: Here we are.
>>HOGUE: I was right again.
>>NOORY: I was right
again, 13 times.
You have said on the
program that had it
been Hillary or Donald Trump
that you don't think they're
going to complete their term.
>>HOGUE: Yes, and
it's funny how--
here's again how
patterns of the future--
I'm writing, currently,
President Trump predictions,
which should be out
in about a month,
and where I'm looking at this
interesting parallel, where
a lot of the same things
that would have taken Hillary
Clinton out of office before she
finished the second year even,
by May or so of next
year, are almost--
with a variation on a theme
because of a different energy
being brought, but the same
predictability window is open.
For instance, Trump still
faces the short countdown
of Nostradamus' processes
about a new Cold
War between the eagle totem
kingdoms of the north happening
again.
>>NOORY: And that
could be happening now.
>>HOGUE: Well, in
November, November of 2017
is the danger point, and
then it comes again in 2027.
The other thing
that's happening is,
Trump is facing the
same eclipse that
could be very
powerful to influence
a change of the United States.
And in the end, they
both have issues
with special interests
in their organizations.
In her case, it was
the Clinton Foundation,
which was what I felt
would bring her down.
In his case, it could
be those interests
that are trying to co-opt
him towards their ideas.
They wanted Clinton
to be the one.
They're trying to make him.
If he doesn't play
the game, then it's
possible that certain scandals
related to Trump Organization
will be brought up and then
you'll have an impeachment.
And I would-- I
astrologically would
say, looking at his
astrology related
to that eclipse in
August, that some time
after that eclipse--
of course, they're
not going to-- the Congress will
be at the beach on August 21
of 2017-- but
sometime in the autumn
after that, that would
be the earliest that he
would face impeachment.
>>NOORY: That will
be interesting.
We'll watch that.
>>HOGUE: So we'll see.
>>NOORY: The late American
prophet Edgar Cayce once
talked about Russia, and
he felt that Russia would
be the hope of the new world.
It's ironic that Putin
today, by and large,
is being looked at as
the person who's making
things happen on this planet.
Are we getting close
to something like that?
>>HOGUE: Yes, and in my work,
one of the most important
things to do is I
put aside all of
my own political expectations.
>>NOORY: And I qualify that
when you're on Coast to Coast.
You know, I try to tell
people, he's not a Hillary fan.
He's not a Trump fan.
>>HOGUE: Not a Putin fan.
>>NOORY: He's just calling
it the way he feels it.
>>HOGUE: Well, and what I also
do on that objective side is--
since I was eight years old
and fascinated by the news,
but I've also watched
the de-evolution
of news to the level, the
troglodyte level of it now.
But the beautiful thing
is we live in a time
now, where, if you work
full time at this like I do,
I can spend the hundreds
of hours actually going
online and actually watching
exactly full real time what
Vladimir Putin actually said.
Or what so-and-so actually said.
>>NOORY: In Russian.
>>HOGUE: Well, well,
Putin is very savvy
that way because he makes
sure that everything
that he has said is translated
in perfect English to Russian.
And so it is a testament
to Russia today
that they have the largest
file of raw footage of world
events of any group.
And I would wish all
of the other agencies
would do a similar thing.
Because of course, then
people would have the chance
to actually look at
the material and be
their own judge before they
are told what to think.
>>NOORY: Right, and
that's the problem today.
>>HOGUE: And so with that
said, looking at Edgar Cayce's
prophecy, he said, Russia
would be the hope of the world.
And he said it-- he started
saying it in readings
between 1934 and 1944.
And in those readings,
I collected them
in a book called A New Cold War,
the Prophecies of Nostradamus,
Stormberger, and Edgar
Cayce, which I actually
previewed on your show.
>>NOORY: You did,
and you taught me
about Stormberger,
which if we have time,
we'll talk about him.
That's scary.
>>HOGUE: Well, yeah, it's that
I've been waiting for this
countdown of the
northern kings to happen,
and then in April of 2014
when the Ukrainian civil war
started, and then the sanctions
and counter sanctions, I went--
>>NOORY: Bingo.
>>HOGUE: This is it.
I've been watching like
a hawk for-- since--
well, since long time, 30 years.
And I never usually do
my alarm bells like this,
but what makes this
so dangerous is
and also what's so beautiful
about it, being that Vladimir
Putin is actually doing things.
I mean, who stopped the
attempt to start a war in Syria
in August of 2013?
When the Americans were
going to bomb Syria,
he negotiated a deal
with the Syrian dictator
to get rid of all
the chemical weapons
because otherwise, that
was a setup similar to what
happened to Operation
Iraqi Freedom and all that.
>>NOORY: Right, exactly.
>>HOGUE: And then it is
Vladimir Putin actually
stopped the fighting in Ukraine
not once but twice in the Minsk
one and two agreements.
So it is Vladimir Putin that's
redesigning the entire shift.
When the sanctions started,
the most significant thing
that happened the same week
when the Cold War started
was his deal with the
Chinese, a major $300 billion
deal to literally feed
Russian oil into China.
And I wrote about it saying
this is a core shift from what
actually Putin calls now--
>>NOORY: You were spot on.
>>HOGUE: He calls the end of
the Western centric world,
the post-Western centric world.
You know, there
are great leaders.
Doesn't mean all great
leaders are great Democrats.
There is a lot of
great leaders that we
admire like Emperor Akbar of
the Moguls, who was an autocrat.
But there are autocrats
that actually do good,
and there are certain
countries that we Americans
seem to forget have their
own evolution of freedom.
>>NOORY: And it works for them.
>>HOGUE: Well, people
in this country
don't know that Vladimir
Putin's talked about this.
That he's saying that I see
myself like a new Peter the
Great.
I'm trying in the
next 30, 40 years
to help modernize
Russia and eventually
make it a democratic state.
Now, this never gets
reported in the US news.
What gets reported,
and what scares me
because of the prophecies,
is that the whole way
that these Cold War prophets,
except for Edgar Cayce,
they all look at
that and they say
the difference between three
versus World War I and II
is that people walk into it
with their eyes wide open.
That's what Stormberger,
in the late 1700s,
said, with open eyes is how they
march into these catastrophes.
Everybody thinks that the
Cold War we had in the '80s
and for 45 years was
the danger in its past.
But I've been saying
since that time, which
was dated by Nostradamus,
the ending of that war,
and a new one would come when
Russia and America both had
eagles as their symbols.
Not a red star, not a red flag.
So the red flag in this
case is that Russia
since '92 and the
Russian Federation
has the double-headed eagle
and America, the bald eagle.
>>NOORY: That's right.
And Nostradamus used
a code, you know,
a wolf was Italy, cock,
chicken, rooster was France.
And so we are in that
danger zone and November,
the new president--
if Hillary Clinton
had been in there,
because she was
very much involved
with the neoconservative,
neoliberal, a very much
an activist towards it.
It was the first time since
the Cuban Missile Crisis
that I really felt that wow,
we all have about a year
left to live.
>>NOORY: Wow!
>>HOGUE: Because of an accident.
>>NOORY: God,
John, that's scary.
>>HOGUE: I know, it was scary.
I was seeing this
blackness that I don't--
I never see blackness like
this, and it was kind of rising.
And I was like--
and it disappeared
when Trump was elected.
So no matter what happens
in the Trump world, whatever
he is the catalyst for,
the thing that I saw
is he's not a catalyst
for the deep state,
the military surveillance
industrial complex, which
wants to keep perpetuated
wars in the Middle East
and a Cold War against
China and Russia.
And that's probably
his greatest enemy
who would try to take
him down in impeachment.
>>NOORY: I think you're right.
Back to Nostradamus
for a moment.
He's had five prophecies
I want to talk about.
One, of course, he talks
about the third anti-Christ.
>>NARRATOR:
Nostradamus predicted
that 2017 would bring the
rise of the third anti-Christ.
This rise could actually result
in the beginning of World War
III, a nuclear war
or biological warfare
that really sustain
for 27 years.
However, there has been
rumors that the war would
be started by Russia or China.
According to the Nostradamus
Society of America,
China would team up with
a few Muslim countries
to destroy Christian countries.
Let's just hope
this doesn't happen.
>>NOORY: What do you think
of that prophecy, John?
>>HOGUE: The first half
of what he is saying
is based on what is credible
translations of Nostradamus'
prophecies about the
third anti-Christ.
Where it kind of
goes off, in my view,
is where China has a few Muslim
countries that it allies with.
>>NOORY: Team up
to get us, yeah.
>>HOGUE: China's
not so much involved
in this, but Russia and
America-- the prophecies
that deal with the long and
short countdown of 13 years
or three years and seven
months, the latter of which
is happening this year
and the other in 2027,
deal with the key being
a satrap, a henchman,
a vassal of one or both
of these two eagle kings
from the Middle East.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>HOGUE: And he
calls him Barbary.
Barbary is his
metaphor-- he often
used-- if he's going to
talk about Islamic terrorism
in the future, he
talks about what
he knew in the 16th century
as the same thing, the Barbary
pirates, Barbary
corsairs, who used
to raid his homeland of
Provence all the time.
They hijacked ships in the sea,
rather than planes in the air.
And there is often,
in his mind, he
uses what he knows
to describe things
that are beyond his perception.
So Barbary is also
an anagram in French.
Another key-- people
keep translating
anagrams, word codes,
into their own languages.
If they're not in
French, Latin, or Greek,
they're not anything, I contend,
that Nostradamus would say.
So I look at the French
and actually, Barbary
spells out [ARABIC]
farmer of the Arab.
And so it's locating the
vassal is in that area.
Now, that could be the
Syrian and Hezbollah.
Could be Iran.
The Iranians--
>>NOORY: Well, the Iranians
aren't Arabs, per se.
They're Persians.
>>HOGUE: However, they
are the main allies
of the Syrian regime
and the Russians.
So they're in the
mix, in the web.
Now, you have on
the American side,
you have the Saudi Arabians,
who are a major part that's
not being stated in the news,
financing and training ISIS
often.
They're in the Gulf states.
The Arabs there
are also vassals.
And also although the
Turks are not vassals,
the Sunni, that they tried to
create the Free Syrian Army
with that failed
utterly, are allies.
So there's quite a weave.
And then you have Trump coming
into the situation on the one
hand, who is actually wanting
to work with the Russians
to end the war with ISIS.
>>NOORY: He wants
to stop this, yeah.
>>HOGUE: Which goes against
the whole perpetual military
industrial complex.
>>NOORY: The plan wasn't
to stop it, right?
>>HOGUE: Yeah, it's
very interesting
to note when he had his
phone call with Putin, two
days later, the Ukrainian
civil war resumed.
Poroshenko launched
on the Novi Russians.
That's actually what
happened, not the other way
around because it was not
in their good alliances to--
Putin wouldn't have hit Ukraine.
It was the other way around.
So anyway, so reading
the signs of things
that happen as language--
it's like when Putin says
we arrested these two people
who might have been US
moles from the previous
administration,
he's not saying
anything directly,
but he's saying to
Trump's administration,
guess what, it might be
your people doing this.
So in the study of real politic,
a practical pragmatic politics
that looks beyond ideology,
this is what I use in my work,
and I contend that it
makes my work accurate.
>>NOORY: Is that third
anti-Christ here,
in your opinion.
>>HOGUE: Well, I wrote a book
and expanded it a couple times
since 2009, called "Nostradamus
and the Anti-Christ Code Named
Mabus."
M-A-B-U-S is an anagram
for the third anti-Christ.
That also plays well with
the leader of Islamic state.
Since I've talked to you,
I've added two more candidates
to the original four, which
were Saddam Hussein, Osama bin
Laden, Presidents George
W. Bush, and Barack Obama
because all of their names,
they decode into Mabus.
And so does
al-Baghdadi and so does
his mentor, who was a hot
topic years ago in 2006,
but it suddenly went
cold when he was killed
and that's Abu Musab al-Zarqawi,
who is the father of ISIS.
He created al-Qaeda in Iraq,
which evolved into ISIS.
>>NOORY: And they droned him
or something, didn't they?
>>HOGUE: Actually, al-Qaeda
sent information to the United
States and they hit him with 500
pound bombs and he was actually
assassinated by American--
>>NOORY: Internal people.
>>HOGUE: And because he was
such so against al-Qaeda.
And that's why al-Qaeda
and ISIS hate each other
because their founder
was murdered by al-Qaeda.
They're all the same
people, aren't they?
Well, yes but actually--
well, they're both a
Shia Wahhabist-based,
Salafist-based.
They're not in the Shia,
Hezbollah, Iranian-based look
at these things, which are
actually quite different.
That's the other thing.
Such ignorance
going on in the news
about even the
origins of the Shia
and the Sunni divide and Islam.
And I try in my
books, not only do
I try to give them the whole
story of how that happened,
how the schism happened,
how it's still alive.
How it is playing as a back
note behind everything.
And if we understood that, then
we could solve this problem.
The problem is that
al-Baghdadi then
became the next heir
and his name Abu Musab.
Abu, A-B-U, for father.
It's a code name many
activists in the Arab secular
and Islamic guerrillas use
as a code name, father of.
Well, Abu Musab.
Musab, M-U-S-A-B is
Mabus scrambled around.
Abu, it's the anagram where you
drop the first and last letter.
>>NOORY: So it could
be one of them.
>>HOGUE: Mabus, Mabus.
>>NOORY: Could be one of them.
>>HOGUE: And then
al-Baghdadi also has
in his name similar things.
He's also an Abu.
So he has a system.
So when he dies--
because the thing with
the third anti-Christ,
unlike Napoleon
and Hitler, which
were Napoleon Roi,
Napoleon King,
and Hister, the name of the
Danube where Hitler grew up.
Nostradamus loved to pinpoint
people geographically
as persons by where they lived.
This person, if he
soon dies, they've
nearly killed him
a few times, then
you have the
terrible destruction
of people and animals.
The use of [FRENCH] in the 16th
century way that he uses it,
means either it causes
the unraveling of people
and animals, that means the
natural order of humanity
and animals, which is
Nostradamus' way of talking
about an ecological
upheaval, which either
is caused by what they do or it
is a background to the times.
Because he would do
that to, give you
something that says
this is going to happen
when this is happening.
Doesn't mean they're
associated directly.
The whole idea of climate
change, global warming
and how things
are getting hotter
and how nature is
threatened could actually
either be caused
certainly if this
leads to dragging the
Russians and the Americans
into a war because of
their vassals, Barbary
and all these people.
And in a way, Baghdadi
was also an informant
for a time for the US,
just as Saddam Hussein was.
So there's a pattern
that the vassals that
become the evil enemies
or the new boogeyman
created by the military
industrial complex
and even somewhat aided by
situations that they promote.
That leads us to this situation,
which could happen as soon--
couple of things.
It could happen as
late as November.
But I was just looking
at something this morning
related to Iran, which is
not Arab but still related.
>>NOORY: Still related.
Still in the Middle East.
>>HOGUE: And I said
that for years now
that there was Nostradamus
and the war in Iran
and my book on his prophecies,
which are very clear, really
out in the open,
I can see he takes
a tremendous significance in
what Iran and America will
do in the future.
If they go to war,
it could start
all of this as a
escalating problem because
of the intersectine, twisted
spider web of alliances
that we're caught into it, like
a bug in the spider's web, that
pulls Russia and
America into this war.
The thing that could also
be important to look at
is, I also talked on your show
about this dating of astrology,
where Nostradamus talked
about when Mars and Saturn are
equally fiery.
Now, I thought when they were
both in the same fire sign--
it doesn't happen that often--
when they're equally fiery and
especially in the same sign.
Now, that happened in
August and September of 2016
and I was really thinking that
this is either the time when
a major war would
happen, or it would
be the time when the seed
was planted for the motion
to go towards that war later.
>>NOORY: And it could be that.
>>HOGUE: Well, here's the thing.
I was checking the astrology
again, George, this morning,
and I realized that Mars
is not in the same sign.
Saturn is in
Sagittarius, both times,
but right now, as we're taping
this and for another month,
Mars is in Aries, I believe.
I think it's Aries, yes.
And that's the sign of war.
And it's been on since January,
since the presidency started,
and look at all the upheaval.
>>NOORY: I know it.
It is unbelievable.
John, let's get into some
of these other prophecies
of Nostradamus as well.
He said something about Italy.
>>NARRATOR: Nostradamus
also predicted
that the Italian economy will
experience great hardship
and will be the reason for
the collapse of the EU economy
and not Spain or Greek.
As you probably didn't know,
the Italian banking industry
is already on the
verge of collapsing.
18% of the loans in these banks
are already non-performing.
In the coming days, it
is likely that there
will be more and
more of the decline
in these loans due to a
rising number of loans.
Reviving this
economy will require
the sacrifices of many people,
including the entire EU.
>>NOORY: Well, so that's
another telltale sign.
>>HOGUE: You know, he's
right, that is out there,
but I would contend
there's a prophecy, quite
a stunning prophecy
of Nostradamus,
that talks about
the great market.
And it's regards to this
great market, which is the EU,
its first sign of collapse is
through Athens, the Greeks.
>>NOORY: We saw that a year ago.
>>HOGUE: The whole Greek issue,
and it could come up again.
So as much as Italy-- and I am
watching the Italian situation.
And I do think Italy
will leave next year
and become independent
of the monetary union.
And it might actually be
profitable for them to do so.
But the thing is
that in this prophecy
there is an
astrological prediction
and it also talks about
England, how England--
>>NOORY: So it's almost global.
>>HOGUE: Well, Greece, step one.
Brexit, step two.
And then he dates the
complete breakdown
of European Union in an
astrological aspect that
happens in the year
2021 in the summer.
>>NOORY: Not far away.
>>HOGUE: Not far away.
And the astrological connection
between the United States
and America is
almost like twins.
Its different aspects but they
point to the same destiny.
One falls, one rises.
One rises, one falls.
And so I've always
said for years,
even though it doesn't seem to--
there's two economic
crises coming,
one as soon as latter half
of 2017 after the eclipse
but especially in 2018.
It's an inflationary crisis.
>>NOORY: Globally
or United States?
>>HOGUE: It is globally.
And it will be saved by the IMF,
which has about $55 trillion
of fiat--
>>NOORY: Fiat money,
nothing backing up.
>>HOGUE: And so it will save
the central and federal banks,
federal reserves of America
and the Central Bank of Europe,
but it'll be a much bigger
shock than the last one.
But it will recover,
but then it's only
going to be for a few years.
Then the fiat system
will collapse by 2021.
But here's some good news.
Already, people are
beginning to move
into alternative currencies,
crypto currencies.
Right now--
>>NOORY: Bitcoins.
>>HOGUE: Bitcoin itself
is in its infancy,
but just like the first guys
who flew the plane crashed them
a lot, there will be a
Wilbur/Orville Wright
moment where
mathematics will be made
the new source of wealth rooted
again to silver and gold.
>>NOORY: I believe that.
Another prediction
of Nostradamus
has to do with the
whack job in Korea.
I don't know if
he saw that or not
but Korea was one
of the predictions.
>>NARRATOR: What is the
possibility that North Korea
and South Korea will merge?
Well, Nostradamus predicted that
in 2017, North and South Korea
will merge and
become one nation.
Amidst all these, Kim Jong-un,
the North Korean strongman,
will be dethroned and will
run and seek asylum in Russia.
Since 2011, when Kim Un took
over power from his father
upon his death, he has
proven to be more dangerous
than his father was.
He has already executed
several people by firing squad,
among them his closest
family members and relatives.
He has already tested a
nuclear weapon during this time
and threatened to use it
against the United States.
>>NOORY: And it's conceivable
he killed off his stepbrother.
So what does Nostradamus
say about this.
>>HOGUE: First off, it's
pretty naive of the Nostradamus
Society if this is
where it's sourced from.
There's a couple of
things about this--
that they, oh, he
killed some people.
I mean even Trump
surprisingly said
something that needed to say.
He said, hey, do you think
we're innocent, you know?
And even though he did it in
his eight-year-old boyish way,
it's true.
>>NOORY: It's true.
>>HOGUE: And he said it's true.
Well, here's the thing.
I swear, George,
when I saw this,
I thought they had been
watching Coast to Coast
when you and I were
talking about this.
And there is no
prophecy that says
this is going to
happen that I've found,
but I did talk to you about
how there is a possibility
that if there's an implosion
in the North Korean State, that
to stop a union of
North and South Korea,
China might come
in to save the day
and stop a humanitary crisis of
millions of people coming in.
So I sometimes--
I mean, it's unfortunate
that they don't, since they
had the means to do this,
they didn't actually
bring up the verses.
Like whenever I can, I
try to bring up the verses
and I hope, even
though we are just
talking about these
things, that people
will go to hopeprophecy.com and
see that I back up everything
I say.
>>NOORY: But the Korean guy,
something could happen there.
>>HOGUE: Oh, yes.
I keep thinking there's going to
be a moment where if Korea goes
a certain way, North
Korea, Trump just
might lob a missile into
the gantry and just say,
enough is enough.
And he may be the one to say
that no one else is talked
about because it's true--
we've station at least
two Trident submarines
on either side of
the Korean peninsula
and if you fired anything
at us, you would be ash.
>>NOORY: And he might let Putin
know we've got to stop this.
>>HOGUE: Here's the other thing.
It's not Putin.
This is where they're also not
very geopolitically literate.
The Russians have very little
to do with North Korea.
North Korea is China's problem.
>>NOORY: Speaking of China,
let's look at another prophecy,
first of all.
>>NARRATOR:
Nostradamus predicted
that China will make very
bold moves and great strides
in 2017.
We can already see how China is
impacting the global community.
According to
Nostradamus, China will
be the nation that cures
the great economic imbalance
experienced in the world.
Since 1978, China has moved from
being a mere marginal player
in the global economy to a mega
player with the safest cards
to play.
It is also possible that China
may become the next superpower.
We are yet to find that out,
but if the moves that China
has taken in the recent
past are anything to go by,
then this possibility
is not far fetched.
>>NOORY: Tie that into
what you just said, John.
>>HOGUE: They're saying
it's happening in 2017.
I swear, they must
be watching us.
It's my opinion that
they will expand.
But what actually
Nostradamus said
is in his famous 1999 prophecy,
where he talks about--
and again, this is like
when something else
is happening to give you an
idea of when it's happening--
that when there would be this
terror from the sky hitting
the skyscrapers, actually
1999 was a code for 2001 11,
but that's another story.
What it did say is that
"they shall resurrect
the King of the Mongols."
Now, the red Chinese
government, around the time
the end of the century,
did resurrect Genghis Khan
as a role model for
the way totalitarianism
works in a command economy.
And so it's an indication that,
at the turn of the century,
that's when you would
see China break out
as the potential
economic superpower.
So they say 2017.
I was saying it 17 years
ago in that regard.
Secondly, there is not a lot
of Nostradamus' prophesies
about Asia.
He was very territorial.
His remote viewing was quite
dense around his local area,
but his psychic
powers thinned out
as it got farther
and farther away.
But with that said,
I would say, looking
at from my own prophetic
work, that there's
a tremendous opportunity
with the crisis that's
coming with climate
change for President Trump
to be the next FDR and repeat--
we're in a cycle of the
fourth turning, which
is an 80-year,
four-generation cycle that
was created by the
futurologists Strauss and Howe.
>>NOORY: And it seems
to happen all the time.
>>HOGUE: Which
fortunately, Trump's--
one of his chief
advisers is as much
a student of the Fourth
Turning as I am, Steve Bannon.
>>NOORY: Is he?
>>HOGUE: He is quite well
knowledgeable about it.
Never gets reported
in the press.
Which makes me feel
good that at least Trump
has a man that looks
at these cycles
and see that we're
in another one.
And so the crisis happens again.
It's happening now.
It happened in World War II
and the economic depression
back then.
What we're basically seeing
is the arsenal of democracy
that Roosevelt
made, which created
the wealth that put us on the
prosperity up to this point.
Trump has the same opportunity
to repeat that again
in what I call the
arsenal of ecology,
where, at a certain
point-- and I
feel that the latter
half of this year
there are such natural disasters
that are coming related
to climate and also seismic
things that I think Trump's
life decisions are going
to be changed, and either
from a personal tragedy
or from property loss,
that he is actually-- and
he's almost there now.
He's actually going to freak
out a lot of the deniers
and actually one day
he's going to say,
yeah, global
warming's real and I'm
going to make America great
again by actually redesigning
a whole new industry
that nobody else can do.
So America, if
it's going to sink
or swim in this
redefinition of itself,
has this Roosevelt moment
where we tool ourselves
into a completely
different economy,
puts everybody back to work,
and leads the world in this.
And if Trump is late in this,
China will lead the world
and America will be
in the second place.
>>NOORY: And Nostradamus
would have been correct again.
Let's look at the last
prediction of Nostradamus here,
John.
>>NARRATOR: Nostradamus
was a great French seer,
who was famed for various
predictions during his time.
It is claimed that he predicted
the Great Depression, the rise
of Adolph Hitler, and many other
things that later came to pass,
including the World
Trade Center attacks.
He died in 1566,
but before then, it
is suggested that
he also predicted
that Donald Trump would be the
President of the United States.
>>NOORY: Did he,
indeed, predict that?
>>HOGUE: You know, he didn't.
This one-- a lot of these have
been pretty good but this--
except for--
the statements he said
about all the things
that Nostradamus did predict up
to Trump, yes, that's all true.
He did do that.
But what happened, towards
the end of the election,
there was very
rapidly put together
a documentary on
History Channel, which
I was involved with called
"Nostradamus Election 2016."
And what was on that, that had
nothing to do with anything
I said-- in fact, my stuff was
mostly left on the fringes,
thank goodness.
But what other Nostradamus
scholars talked about--
one in particular,
which I will not name--
clearly from looking at
what this person does,
he does what those blind
believers in Nostradamus do.
In fact, he's the man
who says on the show,
Nostradamus always
gets it right.
He certainly does when
he always gives you
what you're looking for.
And then how do you look for it?
You go and look
at everything that
sounds like Trump in
French like trombe, which
means whirlwind, not trumpet.
It can be used for
trumpet but it's mostly
used for, in old
French, for whirlwind.
Or trompette, every time the
trumpet call is in there.
So what he did is he'd
take a trumpet here, take
a trumpet there, and talk
about the bawling brawler.
But he'd forget that
it actually names
the Siege of
Pontefract, which means
Oliver Cromwell from the 1700s.
And so long story short, so
I don't get all geek on you,
is that if you only read
that bit of the prophecy that
works for you, just like a lot
of people misread the Bible.
They just find a little verse
here and a little thing there,
and then they've got a whole
worldview of Christianity
or the Old Testament that's
maybe completely in their head,
but it becomes a cult
or something like that.
Well, there's people who take
Nostradamus in the same way,
and unfortunately,
that documentary
created another
new myth that's now
out there that the yellow
journalists and everybody is
playing with.
And so anything that is fake,
we seem to latch onto it.
It's so much harder
to get people
to get turned on
to the real verses
and this trumpet/Trump
thing is the same.
There's one possibility
but even then,
it's about Egypt and Byzantium.
So I'm keeping my eye on that.
And if there is
anything in Nostradamus,
and I imagine there
must be if he's--
>>NOORY: There's
to be something.
>>HOGUE: It's going
to be like what
happened with George W. Bush.
No one really figured--
a lot of people
thought this one verse
that talked about
[FRENCH], a doubtful one,
would come into the US Capitol
and the Capitol would not
want him at all.
And it's spelled
with an O-L, capitol.
So it's very rare.
So it's very specific.
And I even, back
in 97, when I did
a complete translation of
Nostradamus, my first one,
said, well, it looks like this
might be about Richard Nixon
and Watergate.
I don't quite know how.
>>NOORY: That's a good point.
>>HOGUE: But I kind
of left it open.
But then after
2000, I realized--
because here's the thing.
When these prophecies come
closer to their fulfillment,
more of the details come clear.
And who would have thought
before the year 2000
that you have this
nickname-loving prophet, who
latches onto a nickname-loving
President called W, [FRENCH]?
If you then put Bush into
it, a W, [FRENCH], it fits.
I would then say
it's about Bush.
So I am looking for--
and it could be anything.
It could be-- it could be
something that Trump says.
It could have something
to do with towers.
It could be-- the
lexicon is wide open.
So I am on the hunt
and if I find anything,
you'll be one of
the first to know.
>>NOORY: You're
the best at that.
Climate change-- regardless
of what people believe,
what could be causing it,
whether it's an Earth cycle
or man made created, things
are happening on this planet.
As Nostradamus would look
at it, what has he seen?
>>HOGUE: Well, I wrote a
paper, predictions for 2015,
top 10 predictions, where I
talked about the fire and ice
prophecies.
It was a culmination of 25
years of studying this question.
Is climate change a cycle?
Is climate change actually a
precursor to a new Ice Age?
And I came to the conclusion,
looking at the science,
looking at the
prophetic glimpses
with the science, Nostradamus
talks about rising oceans.
He talks about--
>>NOORY: As Edgar Cayce did.
>>HOGUE: He did.
He's talking about a Dark
Age that's hot, not cold,
the heating up of the world.
And so according to
the general tenor--
and I looked at all of them
and I present both sides--
but the vast majority of the
collective visions of different
traditions is that we're heading
towards a temperature warming
cascade, similar
to the Permian--
potentially the
Permian extinction,
if we go that far with it,
Where we raise the temperature
two Celsius or six.
Two Celsius is already--
it's already bad
enough that it's 1.8.
Imagine a two.
>>NOORY: Imagine a six.
>>HOGUE: Well, at six it becomes
a civilization-threatening
event.
>>NOORY: Then we have a problem.
>>HOGUE: But beyond that, it
could double because six could
do a positive feedback loop like
what happened in the Permian
extinction that caused a
12-degree Celsius lift,
which almost killed--
96% of life.
>>NOORY: But do you
see this happening?
Does Nostradamus
>>HOGUE: Well, he sees it.
Others see it.
It's almost biblical in the
fires, fires in the sky, things
falling down.
At 45 degrees latitude
across the world,
the sun burns the fields, you
know, and green belts is vast.
His descriptions
in two quatrains
about where there will come a
time where famine is sporadic
here and there and
then become worldwide.
He said it will be so complete
and long-lasting that bark
will be ripped off the trees and
babies stolen from the breast.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
>>HOGUE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: As we wrap up, John,
give us John Hogue's biggest
prophecy for the years ahead.
What do you see?
>>HOGUE: Well, we have
entered early into what
I call the roaring 2020s.
And the most significant
decade of human trial
and travail but potential
for human breakthrough.
And it deals with things coming
to a head, climate change, fiat
economy, a broken democratic
system, a political culture
war with the totalitarian
Chinese system.
They're saying, see, we work.
Democracy doesn't work.
And we are in the cycle of
fascism again during the 2020s.
It also has come up.
Fascism always thrives
when democracy fails.
In fact, even Socrates said,
in Plato's "The Republic,"
only democracy is the
birthplace of totalitarianism.
And that's because democracy
when it's mobocracy fails.
And so we are in this cycle.
And so for what
I see about this,
and what I also see beyond--
we'll get through it.
But I also see that
our political system
that we think is the
omega of democratic system
is just the beginning.
And I have a book
planned where I
will look 700 to 1,000
years into the future
and look at the five major
evolutions of politics
in the human race and it
starts with mobocracy,
goes into fascism again.
This is our first step.
But then after that, you
will have meritocracy,
and politics is based
on merit but based
on all people are
created equally unique
and meditation is the way that
all of us can grow spiritually.
>>NOORY: But you see us 1,000
years from now still existing.
>>HOGUE: Oh, yeah.
In fact, I'm waiting for
a time if I could just
clone enough of myself
to write all the books.
I have planned for you and
my readers a deep journey
into the future.
And I may actually
convey a lot of this
like Whitley Strieber
does sometimes
in the Greys and
stuff, through fiction.
But it's like-- it's like
H.G. Wells using fiction.
I'm hiding my prophecies
about things in the future.
I have a story
that will take you
a million years
into human history.
>>NOORY: It's good to know that.
John, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
Thanks.
We appreciate everything you do,
your prophecies of Nostradamus,
your own prophecies.
It's gonna be a bumpy road,
but we'll get there, won't we.
>>HOGUE: Every birth
has pain, but it
brings a beautiful ending.
>>NOORY: What a way
to finish the program.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."